Add IPFS on the Web update blog post (#699)
ipfs/ipfs-blog: src/_blog/shipyard-hello-world.md

  <tr></tr>
</table>

We have an extensive [initiative roadmap](https://ipshipyard.com/initiatives) and are eager to get more input from the developer community. To shout out just a few ideas we’re working on:

> * [Reliable, decentralized, and verified retrieval of CIDs](https://ipshipyard.com/initiatives/reliable-decentralized-and-trustless-browser-fetching-of-ipfs-content) (content identifiers) in browsers. The idea is to allow web browsers to fetch CIDs in a verifiable and trustless manner without being vulnerable to centralized chokepoints. You can participate and follow along with this work in the [IPFS dApps Working Group](https://lu.ma/ipfs-dapps).

Author: ```suggestion
* [Reliable, decentralized, and verified retrieval of CIDs](https://ipshipyard.com/initiatives/reliable-decentralized-and-trustless-browser-fetching-of-ipfs-content) (content identifiers) in browsers. The idea is to allow web browsers to fetch CIDs in a verifiable and trustless manner without being vulnerable to centralized chokepoints. You can participate and follow along with this work in the [IPFS dApps Working Group](https://github.com/ipfs/dapps-wg).

```
